Update README.md with content about priority base CLE (#5357)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-api-machinery/4355-coordinated-leader-election/README.md

The obvious drawback is the need for a consensus protocol and extra information
in the `LeaseCandidate` object that may be unnecessary.

### Priority-based Coordinated Leader Election

> To enhance control over leader assignment beyond existing CLE strategies like OldestEmulatedVersion, we propose adding an optional `Priority` field (an int32 with 0 as default, higher value = higher priority) to `LeaseCandidateSpec`. This field allows operators to explicitly designate a preferred leader. The CLE system will select the candidate with the highest non-zero Priority. If multiple candidates share the same highest priority, the existing v1.CoordinatedLeaseStrategy will act as a tie-breaker. If no candidates have a priority set, the system defaults to the existing v1.CoordinatedLeaseStrategy. This provides granular, temporary control without replacing the primary CLE mechanism.

Author: > If the field is optional, then it should be a pointer right? 

Update the schema to use pointer to int32

> Is there a difference between 0 and unset? Is it also necessary to explicitly say int32 or would int suffice?

To simplify, user can not set the priority to <= 0. If they want to opt out priority based CLE, they can just leave field as unset.

> #### Proto Update

Reviewer: title seems outdated?

Author: Updated the title

The `LeaseCandidateSpec` will be updated as follows:
```go
// LeaseCandidateSpec is a specification of a Lease.

> type LeaseCandidateSpec struct {

Reviewer: It's probably fine to drop the documentation for the other fields so the reader can more easily see the priority field and our changes.

### Priority-based Coordinated Leader Election
To enhance control over leader assignment beyond existing CLE strategies like OldestEmulatedVersion, we propose adding an optional `Priority` field unset by default, higher value = higher priority) to `LeaseCandidateSpec`.

This field allows operators to explicitly designate a preferred leader.
The CLE system will select the candidate with the highest non-zero Priority. If multiple candidates share the same highest priority, the existing v1.CoordinatedLeaseStrategy will act as a tie-breaker. If no candidates have a priority set, the system defaults to the existing v1.CoordinatedLeaseStrategy. 

This provides granular, temporary control without replacing the primary CLE mechanism.

#### LeaseCandidateSpec Update
A new field called `Priority` is included into `LeaseCandidateSpec`:
```go
// LeaseCandidateSpec is a specification of a Lease.
type LeaseCandidateSpec struct {
	// ...
  Priority *int32 `json:"priority,omitempty" protobuf:"varint,7,opt,name=priority"` // New field: Higher value means higher priority. Default 0 (no explicit priority).
}
```

#### Behavior of the Priority Field

> - Priority Value: The `Priority` field is an point to int32. A higher numerical value indicates a higher priority. This field must be greater than 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Priority Value: The `Priority` field is a int32 pointer. A higher numerical value indicates a higher priority. This field must be greater than 0.
```

> - Default Value: If a `LeaseCandidateSpec` does not have the Priority field set, or if it is set to 0, it is considered to have no explicit priority preference.

Reviewer 2: If I'm reading this right, the first bullet point says that Priority must be greater than 0, and then the second bullet point says what happens if it is 0.  Those comments seem at odds to me.  If the field cannot be set to 0, why define behavior for a value it cannot be set to?

Author: Removed the default value section.

- Selection Logic:

>   - If one or more candidates have a Priority > 0: The candidate with the numerically highest Priority value will be selected as the leader.

Reviewer 2: If we only care about values greater than zero, the field can be a non-pointer with omitempty

| C2        | V2             | V1                |          | Y      |
| C3        | V2             | V1                |          |        |

##### 5. Priority Persistence
Unless the cluster administrator resets the priority, C1 will always remain the leader. When a component gets upgraded or downgraded, it may create a new release candidate, causing the priority to reset.

#### Consideration for Stale Priorities
A concern with the priority field is the potential for "stale priorities" – a priority set temporarily and not subsequently cleared. This could prevent the Coordinated Leader Election (CLE) system from selecting a more appropriate leader.
We considered exposing a Time-To-Live (TTL) for priority in the `LeaseCandidateSpec`, where the CLE system would ignore a priority once its TTL expired. While this directly addresses the "temporary" nature of many priority assignments, we've decided not to include it in this initial phase due to several complexities:
- Implementation and Semantics: Defining the precise data type and behavior for a TTL (e.g., time.Duration vs. time.Time, resetting logic) adds significant complexity.

> - User Rationalization: Adding a third field (ttl) to an already multi-faceted leader election logic (strategy + priority) greatly increases the cognitive load for users to understand and manage leader selection effectively.

Reviewer 2: I'm also not convinced this is a good solution to the problem.  But I do agree that the problem it's trying to solve is a real problem.

> Therefore, in this initial iteration, managing priority lifecycles will be an operational responsibility, requiring manual clearance or updates. We may revisit TTL or similar automated mechanisms in future iterations after gaining more experience with the priority field.

Reviewer 2: This feels like an important but unsolved aspect of this design. Let's add a graduation criteria line item about this.

- Load test Coordinated Leader Election
- Feature is enabled by default

> - Solution for stale priorities (if deemed necessary based on Beta feedback) is implemented and stable.

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced that beta feedback will be sufficient here.  I'm okay to deferring a solution in the short term to try it out., but stale priorities look like a foot-gun to me, so I'd need to be convinced we've either made it sufficiently hard for users of this feature to mess up and accidentally allow stale priorities to slip in, or offer a capability to the system that prevent stale priorities.

Author: Done. Thanks for the feedback!
